SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table.
They are used to limit the type of data that can go into tables.
This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table.
They can be column level or table level

#1. NOT NULL - Ensures that a column cannot have a NULL value
#2. UNIQUE - Ensures that all values in a column are different
#3. PRIMARY KEY - A combination of a NOT NULL and UNIQUE. Uniquely identifies each row in a table
#4. FOREIGN KEY - Prevents actions that would destroy links between tables
#5. CHECK - Ensures that the values in a column satisfies a specific condition
#6. DEFAULT - Sets a default value for a column if no value is specified


Interview Questions:
1). Define Constraints?
    ->A constraint is a table column property with performs data validation.
    Using constraints, you can maintain data integrity by preventing invalid data from being entered.

2). What do you understand by Data integrity?
    ->Data integrity is the consistency and accuracy of the data which is stored in a database.

3). Can you add constraints to a table that already has data?
    ->Yes, But it also depend on data, like if a column containing null values and you adding not null constraint,
    then first you need to replace all null with some values.

4). How many primary keys can exist on a table? 
    ->One

5). What is a Foeign Key?
    ->A FK in one table points to a PK in another table
      It prevents any actions that would destroy links between tables with the corresponding data values
      FK are used to enforce referential integrity

6). Difference between Primary key and Unique key constraints?
    ->1) Unique constraints will allow a null value. If a field is nullable then a unique constraint will allow at most one null value.
          Whereas the Primary key will not allow any null value.
      2) SQL server allows many unique constraints per table where it allows just primary key per table.

7). Can we apply Uniquey key constraints on multiple columns?
    ->Yes! Unique key constraints can be applied on a composit of multiple fields to ensure quiqueness of records.
      Example : City + State in the StateList table

8). When you create an Unique key constraints then by default which index will be created by DB?
    ->Nonclustered index would be created automatically when you will create a unique key constraints.

9). When you create an Primary key constraints then by default which index will be created by DB?
    ->Clustered index would be created automatically when you will create a Primary key constraints.

10). What do you understand by Default constraints?
    ->A default constraint enters a value in a column when one is not specified in the Insert or Update statement.

11). What are the type of data integrity?
    ->In relational database, there are three type of integrity
        1. Domain Integrity( data type, check constraints)
        2. Entity Integrity (primary key, unique constraints)
        3. Referential Integrity (handled by foregn key constraints)
